README.md, before:

# SimRa Android App

[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/simra-project/simra-android/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/simra-project/simra-android)

This project is part of the SimRa research project which includes the following subprojects:
- [sirma-android](https://github.com/simra-project/simra-android/): The SimRa app for Android.
- [simra-ios](https://github.com/simra-project/simra-ios): The SimRa app for iOS.
- [backend](https://github.com/simra-project/backend): The SimRa backend software.
- [dataset](https://github.com/simra-project/dataset): Result data from the SimRa project.
- [screenshots](https://github.com/simra-project/screenshots): Screenshots of both the iOS and Android app.
- [SimRa-Visualization](https://github.com/simra-project/SimRa-Visualization): Web application for visualizing the dataset.

In this project, we collect – with a strong focus on data protection and privacy – data on such near crashes to identify when and where bicyclists are especially at risk. We also aim to identify the main routes of bicycle traffic in Berlin. To obtain such data, we have developed a smartphone app that uses GPS information to track routes of bicyclists and the built-in acceleration sensors to pre-categorize near crashes. After their trip, users are asked to annotate and upload the collected data, pseudonymized per trip.
For more information see [our website](https://www.digital-future.berlin/en/research/projects/simra/).

## Instructions

The suffix used in the `clientHash` to protect the upload is not part of the source code. 
To compile the project:

- copy the file `Hash-Suffix.h.sample` to `Hash-Suffix.h`
- replace the sample suffix `mcc_simra` with the suffix provided from the backend operator
- compile

Commit message:

Use BuildConfig instead of constant file for build time variables

README.md, after:

# SimRa Android App

[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/simra-project/simra-android/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/simra-project/simra-android)

This project is part of the SimRa research project which includes the following subprojects:

- [simra-android](https://github.com/simra-project/simra-android/): The SimRa app for Android.
- [simra-ios](https://github.com/simra-project/simra-ios): The SimRa app for iOS.
- [backend](https://github.com/simra-project/backend): The SimRa backend software.
- [dataset](https://github.com/simra-project/dataset): Result data from the SimRa project.
- [screenshots](https://github.com/simra-project/screenshots): Screenshots of both the iOS and Android app.
- [SimRa-Visualization](https://github.com/simra-project/SimRa-Visualization): Web application for visualizing the dataset.

In this project, we collect – with a strong focus on data protection and privacy – data on such near crashes to identify when and where bicyclists are especially at risk. We also aim to identify the main routes of bicycle traffic in Berlin. To obtain such data, we have developed a smartphone app that uses GPS information to track routes of bicyclists and the built-in acceleration sensors to pre-categorize near crashes. After their trip, users are asked to annotate and upload the collected data, pseudonymized per trip.
For more information see [our website](https://www.digital-future.berlin/en/research/projects/simra/).

## Development

### Configuration

Have a look at the [`build.gradle`](./app/build.gradle) File. All Build Time Variables should be mapped to a `BuildConfig` property.

To set the variables during development edit your [`local.properties`](./local.properties) file and add the variables to your liking:

```properties
API_ENDPOINT="https://server1.simra-backend.de/"
API_SECRET="mysecret"
```

During build you can set those variables via Environment variables.

### Build

> You have to set `API_ENDPOINT` and `API_SECRET` in order to communicate with the backend service.
